Recently my mother decided to buy a new laptop since her laptop was quite old, a Lenovo G460 from 2010 that now is mine for do some studying and writing (although I need to buy a new keyboard and battery for it). She let me choose the new laptop for her since her knowledge of technology is close to non-existent and buy it for her. 
I decided to buy an Asus vivobook that came with Windows since I didn't want to worry about the installation of the operating system. The day I received the computer was the day the update from *crowdstrike* happened, what a great timing, getting a new laptop with Windows 11 the same day that an update breaks the system. *To the moment that I'm writing this blog there are 8.5 million computers that have crashed because of this update and it caused losses that could been between $540 million and $8.4 billion dollars according to The Guardian*<sup>1</sup>, so my fears were well founded. 
Luckily for me, it didn't cause any trouble, I did need to finish the installation. But didn't you said that it had windows installed because you didn't want to worry about it? Yes, but apparently the store where you buy the computer can't accept the terms and conditions of the OS, because then the end user could argue that they didn't accept anything and then file a lawsuit against Microsoft for violating their privacy and stealing their data. So I finished the installation (having to go through 12 screens, doing the registration of the Microsoft account and all that shenanigans) and started copying the data from the old laptop my mother had.
When I started copying the data I noticed that I had 2 Documents folder, which is odd, so I tried to find the difference in each one and try to understand why it happened. Turns out one of them is a cloud storage folder that saves your files in one drive and the other one is the normal one. So, now your files are going to be in their cloud if you are a little bit distracted or not too proficient with technology (which I'm sure that they are not going to use to train their AI, which by the way is ChatGPT). 
Also, you can see the Copilot in the right corner and remember that we are going to have Recall in the future too. If someone doesn't remember what Recall is, is basically a feature that records everything you do on your PC.
But, most of these things have some type of solution, you can deactivate the OneDrive folder so you don't have it anymore, you can hide the Copilot button which at least it lets you with a more clean interface (which to be honest is the only thing you can do about it, Copilot is here to stay, sadly) and you can deactivate the telemetry so in theory, they are going to not steal that much data (if the off button does something, which I doubt). So why I'm so mad about Windows 11?
The realization hit me some days later, Windows 11 was the representation of what I see as one of the biggest problems we have today, nothing is yours anymore and privacy is dead. It is not something new, you probably heard this before, but somehow seeing it in the operating system of this laptop made me realize how deep in the hole we are.
When the Cambridge Analytica scandal happened I ran away from Facebook because of how the data was used to allegedly manipulate people, affecting the 2016 election for president in the USA and the Brexit<sup>2</sup>, I didn't feel secure anymore in the platform and with reasons to not to. So I left Facebook for Twitter and Instagram because the friends that I had at that moment still used Instagram and for some reason felt less invasive than Facebook, although it probably was the same when it comes to privacy issues.
But that's one of the main issues, you can always leave a social media without too much trouble, you can always change from Instagram to Cara, you can always change from Twitter to Bluesky or Mastodon and tell your followers you are going to be there, but were do you go when the OS that has 72.91% of the PC market share?<sup>3</sup>
Is not as easy to migrate from Windows to MacOS or from Windows to any Linux distribution as you can migrate from Twitter to Bluesky. Windows has a monopoly of the desktop OS and with that most of the software that we use today is created with Windows in mind or exclusively for Windows, so what can we do about it? 
Well, there are different options for different necessities, if you want you can use Windows 10 till 2025 without any risk because there are gonna be security updates till that year. You can also consider switching to MacOS, although according to what I saw, Apple is using ChatGPT for powering their AI and, even when they say that they are going to be as private as they can, I don't trust in Apple. And, the last option and my favorite is switching to Linux, which also is the more unpopular option and with reasons.
For me, I chose the last option in 2020 and installed Linux Mint, keeping Windows 10 in another SSD for playing with friends, but with my recent decision to leave the multiplayer games Windows 10 is going to be till October 14  2025 and that is going to be it.
The journey of learning a new OS and having to relearn some of the software that is not available in Linux was less painful than I thought it would be and I could not be happier than I'm now with this OS. 
But I care about what you think, have you considered other options as your OS after all the AI apocalypse and the stolen data that is going to imply training new AIs or making more powerful the existing AIs creating another technological monopoly like the one Microsoft has right now? I read you on Twitter.

<sup>1</sup> https://www.theguardian.com/technology/article/2024/jul/24/crowdstrike-outage-companies-cost
<sup>2</sup>https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/04/us/politics/cambridge-analytica-scandal-fallout.html
<sup>3</sup>https://gs.statcounter.com/os-market-share/desktop/worldwide
