# Why my own page?
Hello fellow reader, today I'm happy to tell you that now I have my own web page (created by me, it was time for my engineering to pay off haha). 
Now, why would you need your own web page? Well the answer is divided into two parts:
## You want to write? Then pay
Since the blue mark check was implemented with the Twitter premium the experience in the app for those who don't pay gets worse and worse, not only for algorithm (that we are going to talk about later) and exposure, but also for those who write.
Every feature that could be useful for making a better post is behind a paywall: Do you want to make a longer tweet? Do you want to use *italics*? Do you want to edit that typo that you didn't realize it was there? Well, you can pay for it. And don't misunderstand me, I don't mind paying for stuff I use, I pay for Spotify, Netflix, Roll20, Inkarnate and more apps, because I use them and the tools or entertainment that they give me is worth it. Yet even if I pay the subscription it doesn't solve the issues for the general experience, you still see the ads, don't get any type of boost, can't see any type of metrics of your post and you get slightly larger tweets, that are not even that long and are pretty much useless since Twitter doesn't boost any longer tweets unless you pay even more money. 
## The worst algorithm you'll ever see, porn bots and AI content farms
This is not a secret, anyone who uses the app had some encounters with some of the three things that I mentioned in the title. Since Elon bought Twitter, it became a place for those three types of accounts, the algorithm doesn't suggest any post that is remotely close to your interests and most of the time recommends content farms that steal videos from Tik Tok, generate AI images or gives "hot takes" that are either baits or something that any person would agree with, farming interactions and money, since most of them had the blue check. Not only that, but the reply to the post is most of the time other content farms replying with some other video or bots that are generating a response with ChatGPT, this wouldn't bother me so much but most of the time those accounts have the blue check, which makes those reply to be on top of the post, making any interesting reply that was worth reading under a pile of shitpost.
And speaking of bots, I hope that you never mention something that can be interpreted as remotely sexual because then you are going to have so many bots telling you about their pussies in bio that your smartphone is going to explode from the notifications.
## Now what?
Well, for now, I'm going to be posting all the fanfics that I wrote here, I hope that is a comfortable site for you to read and any suggestion is more than welcome. You are going to find in the "Home" tab the progress on the projects that I had, some of them are secret and will be revealed later this year (if everything goes well), and some of them are public like the progress in the chapters of the fanfics. Also, you can find opinion articles like this one on the "Blog" tab and maybe some reviews about what I read and watch (feel free to recommend any show or book that you like, I would love to get some new pieces of media to consume). I would try to publish one chapter and one blog per week, but I don't want to make any promises.
I would not be completely abandoning Twitter and would tweet every time I update a fanfic or publish a blog, read your replies and read what my mutuals are writing, but anything that has to do with writing is going to be up on this web page. Hope you find it useful and more comfortable to read than Twitter.